this video is brought to you by tunnel
bear check them out at tunnel bear comm
/l tt it's the simple VPN so we're here
in the msi suite where they are showing
off the GE 63 raider RGB edition now RGB
including RGB keyboards isn't anything
new to msi but this guy which isn't too
out for I mean at least three to five
months something along those lines has
some pretty cool stuff built into it
first let's do just kind of a basic
quick overview we've already got it
unplugged so he may as well show you
guys around
you got your SD reader he got your USB
you've got your whoo they've got a new
cooling solution built into this which
basically amounted to redesigned thin
design for the fans and more seat pipe
they're calling that cooler boost fight
so you can see some of the heatsink fins
right here right here right here and Wow
right here so that was a lot of metal
built into that thing you got Ethernet
HDMI 2.0 mini DisplayPort USB and
vulnerable with four PCI Express Lanes
so you could hook it up to an external
graphics card but you might not need to
because this thing will be available
with anything from a 1050 Ti all the way
up to a gtx 1070 somewhere in the 1,500
to 2,000 dollar price point but one of
the special things they've done here is
really in the software so it's got a
game sense compatible keyboard meaning
that you can configure it to show your
ammo or your health with the RGB
lighting actually the RGB on the back is
game sense compatible as well so let's
say you and your whole clan or set up
side by side you could have it go from
green to yellow to red to off as you
guys lose health and die I mean I'm
personally into configuring my RGB to
like reflect the poorness of how well
I'm doing so that's pretty cool and then
in terms of other features keyboard is
pretty typical fare for MSI and oh right
hardware so unclear whether it'll be G
sync or not but it's available with
either a 1080p 120 Hertz panel or 4k 60
Hertz we need 4k 120 that can't come
soon enough and the internals now I
don't know if I'm allowed to do this I'm
gonna do it really quickly before anyone
stops me but if you open up task manager
you got to be kidding me so for some
reason I can't imagine why somebody came
over and took that laptop from me on a
totally unrelated note there's a new
version of the vortex so the gaming
version we've shown you guys before with
the core i7 and the up to GTX 1070 but
this one right here has an undisclosed
Intel future Xeon processor in it that I
would speculate is probably based on
coffee Lake which as we know from the
desktop variants goes up to six core so
if that were to happen that would be
pretty cool
and to round out the workstation as' of
it it is also going to be shipping
sometime later this year with an
undisclosed NVIDIA Quadro mobile
graphics solution so I would speculate
based on what I know about Pascal and
its naming scheme we could be looking at
something like a B 5000 either way this
is gonna be a super slick super sexy and
super-powerful workstation up to six
cores up to 64 gigs of ECC memory and
Quadro graphics so thanks to tunnel bear
for allowing us to be here at CES 2018
you guys can check them out at tunnel
bear comm /l TT it's the simple to use
VPN tunnel bear makes the configuration
dead simply you just pick the country
you want and boom you don't worry about
anything all of a sudden you can use
online services as though you are in a
different country getting around pesky
geo restrictions and firewalls
and they've got great features like
vigilant bear which normally your VPN
can actually take a couple of seconds to
connect once your internet goes online
while vigilant bear keeps any data from
leaking out or in during those times
meaning that even if you drop your
connection in the middle of a session
you won't be giving away any of your
personal data so check them out that's
tunnel bear comm /lt team you can get a
free trial we're gonna have that linked
below so make sure watching guys like
dislike check out bright subscribe so
you don't miss any of our CES content
and I don't think any of this stuff here
you can buy any time soon so you won't
be finding links for where to buy below
but hey we're station
Gaming workstations are green now you
guys gonna make that a thing